[Music]
what horror movie actors look like in
real life they strike fear in our hearts
they give us the creeps and sometimes
you even feel disgusted by them the
monsters in horror movies often become
the most memorable screen characters
their appearance scares us not any less
than sudden sounds and impressive
special effects but in real life the
actors who play those monsters are
nothing like them charming smiles and
elegant style how could these people
possibly transform into the creeper in
jeepers creepers and the bride in black
from the insidious let's take a look at
12 of the most striking transformations
actors underwent in horror movies how
many of them would you recognize in real
life number 12
Pennywise the dancing clown bill
skarsgård it 2017 the clown from it is
famous for his demonic smile and the
ability to show you your worst fears we
bet your worst fears look nothing like
Bill skarsgård a 27 year old handsome
actor from Sweden he has also been in
the divergent series Allegiant and Anna
Karenina but became truly famous after
the role of the scary clown any wise
during filming bill was so good in his
role that he made half the kids on a set
cry have you seen it scary right hit
like if you agree and if now that you
know the real-life skarsgård you want to
see more of him playing creepy
characters try watching Hemlock Grove
the Netflix horror series you will love
him as a half-human half-vampire number
11 mama
Xavier Beaute mama 2013 people sometimes
call Javier Beaute this
shall effects man because he can play
roles that nobody else can
he played demons in crimson peak the
other side of the door and the conjuring
too he was also a terrifying zombie in
wreck his unique talent for
transformations is obvious it is
supported by his unique physical traits
Beaute has extremely long and fine
fingers and a 6.6 feet tall with the
weight of 123 pounds the actor was
diagnosed with Marfan syndrome at an
early age and his appearance as the
result of it surely it makes his
characters even more special next time
you watch a horror movie look closely at
the monsters maybe one of them is Xavier
botella yes that funny tall guy can play
any of them
number 10 dren Delphine Shannon spliced
2009 as you can see from her elegant
looks and name Delphine Shanna AK was
born in France she is not only a
talented actress and model but also a
writer and a DJ she was already very
popular in her own country for playing
in sitcoms but she became
internationally famous after the release
of splice in 2009 as preparation for the
role she listened to cure and classical
music more than that she shaved her head
for it
dren is a genetically modified creepy
looking creature it took some good old
prosthetics and some digital add-ons to
create dren as we saw her on the screen
it is interesting that she was
originally not supposed to be bald the
film's director of them Senzo Natali had
to change plans and character's
appearance because of financial reasons
it would have been way more expensive to
transform they'll fiend into a mutant
with hair on her head
the actress did not mind but insisted on
shaving her hair off herself she went to
a mall in Toronto where they were
shooting the movie took the machine from
the hairdresser and just shaved her head
the video of her doing it became very
popular just like the movie itself
number nine Samara Bonnie Morgan rings
2016 one of the most popular horror
movies of all time made you fear your TV
set and unexpected phone calls for a
while it's okay to admit it Samara
became a true inspiration free Halloween
costume
but you most likely had no idea what's
American look like in real life till now
actress Bonnie Morgan was an acrobat in
the past so it was really easy for her
to play Samara and rings the most recent
movie in the ring series interestingly
she was also a stunt person in the well
seen in hideo nakata oz the ring too
however she wasn't mentioned in the
credits number eight Pyramid Head
Roberto Campanella Silent Hill 2006
actor and choreographer roberto
Campanella played not only the role of
pyramid head but also called in the
janitor in Silent Hill he also
coordinated the movements of all the
creatures and managed the actors who
played them Silent Hill is not the only
famous horror movie Campanella played in
his most recent part was the organ
playing clown in it more than that he is
now a great guest dance teacher for
ballet companies in Canada Germany Italy
Korea and Japan so many of today's
famous ballet dancers across the world
can say they got their moves from
Pyramid Head
they say real ballet art can be so
beautiful and powerful it is almost
terrifying number seven the creeper
Jonathan Breck jeepers creepers 2001 if
you ever met Jonathan Breck in the
streets of Houston where he was born he
would hardly tell he could be a monster
which haunts for human body parts every
23rd spring but it was really him who
played the creeper in jeepers creepers
he even did most of the stunts himself
and did some serious research to play
the role Breck wanted to make creeper
look and behave like someone who's been
in the world for so many generations and
learned from them so the actor studied
the movements and behavior of people
from several epochs to play creeper even
better Breck is known not only as a
movie and theater actor but also as a
movie director and producer in 2004 he
directed the thriller dreamland
and the movie was released in 2005
number six
Michelle crane Danielle Bisutti
insidious chapter 2 2013 the bride in
black in the second chapter of insidious
looks terrifying and super elegant at
the same
time well at least her younger version
does the role was played by Danielle
Bisutti
this American actress starred in TV
series such as cold case The OC and
Bones she has also played in more than
40 movies at the moment the suti
continues to play some movie roles and
write songs for films number five jeffer
poke Finn wit track American Horror
Story 2011 Finn wit truck became popular
thanks to the role of Damon Miller in
ABC soap opera All My Children in 2014
he started performing an American Horror
Story you can see him in the roles of
Jethro Polk dandy Mott and Tristan Duffy
this fine-looking gentleman received a
Primetime Emmy Award nomination for his
performance you would hardly recognize
him in real life because he looks so
different from Jethro Polk his body is
covered with scabs and the face is
partially ruined it must not have been
any easier to play dandy Mott though he
might look very attractive but is a
monster on the inside number four twisty
the clown John Carroll Lynch American
Horror Story 2011 John Carroll Lynch
started his career as a theatre actor
but in the 1990s he changed direction
toward the movie industry he played in
such movies as zodiac mozart in the
whale and Gothica you most definitely
remember him as twisty the clown from
the american horror story oh you did not
know that was him well the clown who
became a serial killer for the sake of
kids according to him with a prosthesis
over a missing jaw was really played by
John Carroll in number three Mary Shaw
Judith Roberts dead silence 2006
Judith Anna Roberts started her career
in the David Lynch movie Eraserhead
however she became truly famous after
the role of Mary Shaw in dead silence
Shaw was known for her love for dolls
and cutting people's tongues out
Judis still stars in films even at the
age of 82 waited go miss Roberts number
2 zombie zan Angela vich The Walking
Dead 2010 what a beautiful young lady
what a charming smile said no one ever
about the bloodthirsty zombie zan and
jela vich in The Walking Dead but look
at her in real life no surprise the girl
is now a successful model number one
bride and black Tom Fitzpatrick
insidious chapter 3 2015 remember we
were talking about the elegant evil
coming as the bride and black well that
was her in her better days you would
unlikely say elegant or attractive about
the older version the biggest surprise
is that it was played by a man Tom
Fitzpatrick is the actor who played the
terrifying monster who hunted people in
the movies insidious chapter 2 and
insidious chapter 3 he did it
brilliantly didn't he hit thumbs up if
you agree now it is time for the bonus
we promised to share here comes the
Joker from the Suicide Squad bonus The
Joker Jared Leto Suicide Squad 2016 the
famous singer from the band thirty
Seconds to Mars is also a great actor he
even won an Oscar for his role in Dallas
buyers club where he acted with Matthew
McConaughey in 2016 Jared Leto played
the Joker in Suicide Squad fans of the
comics were confused by the image of the
Joker at first but they got used to it
and even enjoyed let his character in
the movie unfortunately he had a very
small role all of these transformations
are quite impressive
right click the like button if you agree
make sure to subscribe to our Channel
there is plenty of good stuff coming
your way
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]